OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-operator-framework.adoc

[id="olm-operator-framework_{context}"]
= Operator Framework

[role="_abstract"]

> The Operator Framework is a set of open source tools for building, testing, delivering, and updating Operators in {product-title}. It includes Operator Lifecycle Manager, the Operator Registry, and the Software Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operator Framework is a set of open source tools for building, testing, delivering, and updating Operators in {product-title}. It includes Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), the Operator Registry, and the software catalog.
```

> The Operator Framework is a set of open source tools for building, testing, delivering, and updating Operators in {product-title}. It includes Operator Lifecycle Manager, the Operator Registry, and the Software Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operator Framework is a set of open source tools for building, testing, delivering, and updating Operators. It includes Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), the Operator Registry, and the software catalog.
```
